Photograph of Portrait of Marya Anastasievna Chroustchva, 1900. Oil on linen, by Dmitry Ka
rdovsky. In the public domain.

Public domain 	       

This work is in the public domain in Russia according to article 1256 of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation.

This work was published on territory of the Russian Empire (Russian Republic) except for the territories of the Grand Duchy of Finland (Великое княжество Финляндское) and Congress Poland (Царство Польское) before 7 November 1917 NS and wasn't re-published for 30 days following initial publications in the territory of Soviet Russia or any other states.

The Russian Federation (early RSFSR, Soviet Russia) is the historical heir but not legal successor of the Russian Empire[1][2].

    Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation. Information about succession of the Russian Federation, legal continuity and repatriation (Russian)
    Legal Department of Federation Council of Russia. Commentaries to information from Ministry of Internal Affairs (Russian)

If it is possible - use {{PD-Russia}} or {{PD-old-100}} instead of this tag. 	  Flag of Russia
   This image is in the public domain because under the Copyright law of the United States, originality of expression is necessary for copyright protection, and a mere photograph of an out-of-copyright two-dimensional work may not be protected under American copyright law. The official position of the Wikimedia Foundation is that all reproductions of public domain works should be considered to be in the public domain regardless of their country of origin (even in countries where mere labor is enough to make a reproduction eligible for protection).

   This image is in the public domain in the United States. In most cases, this means that it was first published prior to January 1, 1923 (see the template documentation for more cases). Other jurisdictions may have other rules, and this image might not be in the public domain outside the United States. See Wikipedia:Public domain and Wikipedia:Copyrights for more details.
